# Inkproved
Yet another version of the [Inky editor](https://www.inklestudios.com/ink/) web export, focusing to ease creating interactive stories on the web for non-techies, yet adding plugins specifically for the web.

See [examples](https://github.com/remi-grumeau/inkproved/tree/main/examples) for more info.

*Check the [official Inkle Ink tools collection](https://github.com/inkle/ink-library/) for any other languages. For NodeJS/React lovers, you should give [Atrament Preact](https://github.com/technix/atrament-preact-ui) a look*

## Why yet another Ink javascript library?
The main goal of this library is to make it simple to integrate for non-techies or in a webpage with other elements (teaching platform, website, ...). That's why pretty much all HTML elements are prefixed with **ink__**.

Also, i found it pretty hard to understand how variables & callbacks were working, so i tried to make this a simplier process.

Last but not least, since i'm focusing only on web export, i wanted to add web-centric plugins so you can leverage everything a web browser can do as part of your Ink story. Date & time, weather, geolocation, showing maps, interactive elements, ... so your Ink story can be more personalized, interactive & modern.

## How it works
All *Inkproved* stuffs are inside a **_INK** object, so default/regular **Ink** object is still there (to stay compatible with Ink existing scripts).

Main HTML file is modified to use 3 core elements:
- **ink__container** which contains everything about Ink deals with, so you can insert your Ink story inside an existing website or add extra elements around easily.
- **ink__story** where Ink generates all texts, images, buttons, ...
- **ink__choices** (optional) where Inkproved puts the choices buttons if this element exists (must be inside **ink__container**).

They are all prefixed with **ink__** on purpose to isolate them from other elements around.

Story doesn't autoload by default in *Inkproved*. You have to use the *loadStory()* function. Which may feel weird but it really helps to load differents chapters or stories easily.

Just insert your regular *mystory.js* scripts generated by *Inky editor*, and add this to your document to load AND start your story:
``
_INK.loadStory(storyContent,true);
``

If you want to only load your script, do other stuffs start your *Ink* story after, use `` _INK.loadStory(storyContent,false); ``, do what you need to do, then use `` _INK.start(); `` to start your story.

Of course, you can rename the variable *storyContent* for whatever you like, but we do keep this variable name since it's the default one used by the *Inky editor* export.

See our [Basic example](https://github.com/remi-grumeau/inkproved/tree/main/examples/basic/index.html) html file to see how a complete basic file looks like.


### Please, don't use it in production
This really is a Work In Progress for now, you'd probably better wait a few weeks/months before using this library as part of your real project...
